Let's talk about exception first.
Exception is a problem that arise during runtime.
So below are some common exceptions that won't be captured during compile time,
but it will happen during the runtime.
For example, if I use 10 divided by zero,
it will give me exception.
If I start in a non-list and I'm trying to get the size of the list,
Same thing here, if I'm to have a string,
I'm trying to parse that to integer,
the exception will happen.
If I have an integer array and I'm trying to get a number that has outside of it's array,
it will give me exception.
So if you don't have an exception handling mechanism and when exception happens,
the system will crash.
Therefore, is very important that we have a way to properly
handle our exceptions so that we can keep our system running.